Add notes about copying frames and cels on continues layers (#27)
aseprite/docs: copy-cels.md

Note that you can copy cels beyond the end of the animation. In this
case new empty frames are created automatically.

> When copying cels on a [continues layer](continuous-layers.md), copied cels will be [linked](linked-cels.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When copying cels on a [continuous layer](continuous-layers.md), copied cels will be [linked](linked-cels.md) to the original ones.
```

Author: Fixed according to your suggestion. 👍
